src/pages/index.md, before:

---
title: Home
sections:
  - component: HeroBlock
    image: /images/eii-arrow-circle.png
    section_id: hero
    subtitle: >-
      ### It includes outcome-based measures of resource use and pollution
      relating to the achievement of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) at
      the country level.
    title: >-
      The Environmental Impact Index (EII) is developing a new global measure of
      countries’ domestic and international environmental impacts.
    type: heroblock
  - component: ContentBlock
    content: "This new global measure will inform domestic and international policy debates on sustainable consumption and production in the context of Agenda 2030, the SDGs and the Paris Climate Agreement. It uses data from a wide range of sources official and non-official - including from new technologies. For all metrics, time-bound thresholds have been identified that need to be achieved in order to meet the SDGs and honor commitments made in the Paris Climate Change Agreement.\r\n\nThe first prototype version of the EII will be launched in 2020."
    section_id: intro
    title: Text
    type: contentblock
  - component: ContentBlock
    content: "### Explore Bilateral Spillover Effects

    For now, please take a look at our new [data visualization tool](https://spillovers.environmentalimpact.global) that tracks “bilateral spillover effects” – the international environmental impacts of countries embodied into trade.

    [![Spillover Dashboard](/images/spillover-dashboard.png)](https://spillovers.environmentalimpact.global)

    ### About the Project

    The project is a joint initiative led by the **Sustainable Development Solutions Network (SDSN)** and the **Yale Center for Environmental Law & Policy (YCELP)** We are grateful for the support provided by Roberta Gordon and Marshall Ruben as well as from the Deutsche Gesellschaft für Internationale Zusammenarbeit (GIZ) on behalf of the German Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development (BMZ)."
    section_id: visualization
    title: Text
    type: contentblock
  - component: TextImageBlock
    image: /images/sdsn-logo.png
    section_id: sdsn
    text: >-
      The [Sustainable Development Solutions Network (SDSN)](http://unsdsn.org/) has been operating since 2012 under the auspices of the UN Secretary-General to support the design and implementation of the SDGs. SDSN has been deeply involved in the design and implementation of monitoring frameworks for the SDGs. Since 2016, SDSN and the Bertelsmann Stiftung have jointly released the annual Global SDG Index and Dashboards benchmarking the performance of countries on the 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). The SDSN’s thematic network on data (TReNDS) provides advice and recommendations on SDG data. SDSN solicits experts on all dimensions of the SDGs using its network of over 750 member institutions. It has also undertaken a large number of public consultations on SDG indicators.
    title: About SDSN
    type: textimageblock
  - component: TextImageBlock
    image:  /images/ycelp-logo.gif
    section_id: yale
    text: >-
      The [Yale Center for Environmental Law & Policy](https://envirocenter.yale.edu/), a joint undertaking between Yale Law School and the Yale School of Forestry & Environmental Studies, advances fresh thinking and analytically rigorous approaches to environmental decision-making across disciplines, sectors, and scales. In addition to its research activities, the Center also aims to foster discussion and collaboration across the Yale campus on environmental law and policy issues at the local, regional, national, and global levels. The Center facilitates a joint-degree program through which Yale Law students can simultaneously pursue a master’s degree at the Yale School of Forestry & Environmental Studies, while providing research, educational, career development, and social opportunities for students as well as for others affiliated with the Center.
    title: About Yale
    type: textimageblock
menus:
  main:
    title: Home
    weight: 1
template: home
---

Commit message:

Add footnote that the spillover data viz includes a social indicator
The EII is focused exclusively on environmental indicators and impacts. 
But the data visualization also includes one socio-economic indicator. 
To communicate that, we add a footnote, as discussed with Guillaume.

src/pages/index.md, after:

---
title: Home
sections:
  - component: HeroBlock
    image: /images/eii-arrow-circle.png
    section_id: hero
    subtitle: >-
      ### It includes outcome-based measures of resource use and pollution
      relating to the achievement of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) at
      the country level.
    title: >-
      The Environmental Impact Index (EII) is developing a new global measure of
      countries’ domestic and international environmental impacts.
    type: heroblock
  - component: ContentBlock
    content: "This new global measure will inform domestic and international policy debates on sustainable consumption and production in the context of Agenda 2030, the SDGs and the Paris Climate Agreement. It uses data from a wide range of sources official and non-official - including from new technologies. For all metrics, time-bound thresholds have been identified that need to be achieved in order to meet the SDGs and honor commitments made in the Paris Climate Change Agreement.\r\n\nThe first prototype version of the EII will be launched in 2020."
    section_id: intro
    title: Text
    type: contentblock
  - component: ContentBlock
    content: "### Explore Bilateral Spillover Effects

    For now, please take a look at our new [data visualization tool](https://spillovers.environmentalimpact.global) that tracks “bilateral spillover effects” – the international environmental impacts<sup>1</sup> of countries embodied into trade.

    [![Spillover Dashboard](/images/spillover-dashboard.png)](https://spillovers.environmentalimpact.global)

    ### About the Project

    The project is a joint initiative led by the **Sustainable Development Solutions Network (SDSN)** and the **Yale Center for Environmental Law & Policy (YCELP)** We are grateful for the support provided by Roberta Gordon and Marshall Ruben as well as from the Deutsche Gesellschaft für Internationale Zusammenarbeit (GIZ) on behalf of the German Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development (BMZ)."
    section_id: visualization
    title: Text
    type: contentblock
  - component: TextImageBlock
    image: /images/sdsn-logo.png
    section_id: sdsn
    text: >-
      The [Sustainable Development Solutions Network (SDSN)](http://unsdsn.org/) has been operating since 2012 under the auspices of the UN Secretary-General to support the design and implementation of the SDGs. SDSN has been deeply involved in the design and implementation of monitoring frameworks for the SDGs. Since 2016, SDSN and the Bertelsmann Stiftung have jointly released the annual Global SDG Index and Dashboards benchmarking the performance of countries on the 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). The SDSN’s thematic network on data (TReNDS) provides advice and recommendations on SDG data. SDSN solicits experts on all dimensions of the SDGs using its network of over 750 member institutions. It has also undertaken a large number of public consultations on SDG indicators.
    title: About SDSN
    type: textimageblock
  - component: TextImageBlock
    image:  /images/ycelp-logo.gif
    section_id: yale
    text: >-
      The [Yale Center for Environmental Law & Policy](https://envirocenter.yale.edu/), a joint undertaking between Yale Law School and the Yale School of Forestry & Environmental Studies, advances fresh thinking and analytically rigorous approaches to environmental decision-making across disciplines, sectors, and scales. In addition to its research activities, the Center also aims to foster discussion and collaboration across the Yale campus on environmental law and policy issues at the local, regional, national, and global levels. The Center facilitates a joint-degree program through which Yale Law students can simultaneously pursue a master’s degree at the Yale School of Forestry & Environmental Studies, while providing research, educational, career development, and social opportunities for students as well as for others affiliated with the Center.
    title: About Yale
    type: textimageblock
footnotes: >-
  1. The data visualization for spillovers also includes one measure of
  socio-economic spillover effects: Fatal accidents at work.
menus:
  main:
    title: Home
    weight: 1
template: home
---
